I married him when he was still looked down upon like a dog
I gave birth to him
I gave him all my belongings to start a business
But in the end, what did he do to me?
Look what that beast did to me
Why is that?
Lawyer Tang, tell me why?
You called me here to listen to your complaints
Why are you so lack of compassion?
We are all women
Is it useful for me to pity you?
I'm a lawyer.
Not an emotional live streaming host
Are you inseparable?
I want a divorce
But what if I leave my two children?
Why are you ignoring me?
Hey, lawyer Tang, don't leave?
I'll continue for another hour
Do you think you can buy my time with money?
When you think clearly and think about leaving, the lawyer will come to me.
Hey, Lawyer Tang, Lawyer Tang
Did you ask for it?
What's wrong with this thief and these women?
Does this kind of man not divorce and stay home for the New Year?
He can hit you once, he can hit you twice
Martyr Tang, our boss wants to see
Who's your boss?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Sorry no appointment
A barrister doesn't have the guts, does he?